README.md, before:

#The datajournalists' toolbox

A curated set of tools for datajournalists, with examples and gists.

##Complete list

####Javascript charting libraries
- [DC.js](https://github.com/basilesimon/datajournalists-toolbox/tree/master/dc.js), multi-dimensional library used for powerful d3-driven dashboards
- [Chart.js](https://github.com/basilesimon/datajournalists-toolbox/tree/master/chart.js)

###Javascript mapping libratries
- [Datamaps](https://github.com/basilesimon/datajournalists-toolbox/tree/master/datamaps.js), customizable SVG map visualisations for the web in a single Javascript file using D3.js

####Online tools
- [Datawrapper](https://github.com/basilesimon/datajournalists-toolbox/tree/master/datawrapper), upload/paste your data, visualise it, embed it

##Contributing

Do you have a tool you use and that you would like to see presented here?
- Fork the repo
- Make your modifications
- Create a pull request
- ???
- Profit!

## Folder structure for contributions
```
    +--Tool's name
    +--About the tool
    +--Screenshot?
    +--Use case
    +--Examples online
    +--Gist (and screenshot)
    +--Link to the docs
    +--A step further
```

Commit message:

add using an api tutorial

README.md, after:

#The datajournalists' toolbox

A curated set of tools for datajournalists, with examples and gists.

##Complete list

####Javascript charting libraries
- [DC.js](https://github.com/basilesimon/datajournalists-toolbox/tree/master/dc.js), multi-dimensional library used for powerful d3-driven dashboards
- [Chart.js](https://github.com/basilesimon/datajournalists-toolbox/tree/master/chart.js)

###Javascript mapping libratries
- [Datamaps](https://github.com/basilesimon/datajournalists-toolbox/tree/master/datamaps.js), customizable SVG map visualisations for the web in a single Javascript file using D3.js

####Online tools
- [Datawrapper](https://github.com/basilesimon/datajournalists-toolbox/tree/master/datawrapper), upload/paste your data, visualise it, embed it
- [Using an API](https://github.com/basilesimon/using-an-api-tutorial/blob/master/tutorial.md) isn't that difficult - *Tutorial written for Journocoders meetup, using BBC News Labs Juicer*

##Contributing

Do you have a tool you use and that you would like to see presented here?
- Fork the repo
- Make your modifications
- Create a pull request
- ???
- Profit!

## Folder structure for contributions
```
    +--Tool's name
    +--About the tool
    +--Screenshot?
    +--Use case
    +--Examples online
    +--Gist (and screenshot)
    +--Link to the docs
    +--A step further
```
